>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
talk about inputs and
outputs just real quick,
just wanna do a quick review.
So tell me what event binding does.
>> Speaker 2: Well,
I believe the event binding is when we're
doing the whole click events, right?
And then that is routing to the class.
So it was,
I think we said it was the whole select
equals is in the parentheses and then it
had whatever's being set to the class,
right?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Right.
So what it allows you to do is,
we're talking about a DOM Event,
but it allows you to essentially
communicate some event
from the template to the component class.
So when something happens we do not wanna
handle this in the template obviously,
we need to pass it along
to an imperative context.
And so what does property binding do?
>> Speaker 2: Passes
change in state down to the template.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes.
So state or basic communication
information to the template
from the component class.
And as it changes, then the template
will also be updated, as we saw,
when we did that single input into
the list of items and as that changed
,then it updated across all the items.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
the next question is,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
parallel this and
just extend this, cuz honestly,
this is what I really I'm
hoping I'm communicating here.
Is that event binding, property binding,
is really the core, I mean
we're just looking at a variation of this,
when we talk about outputs and inputs.
That we essentially have the ability to
define our own events and our properties.
So, let's do output.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: How does
this work?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You can do it.
You, I know it.
Give it to me.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
>> Speaker 3: It's a custom event.
So it'd work the same way as a
>> Speaker 3: As a standard event.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Exactly, nailed it, so
it is essentially a custom
event that originates
from the child component
up to the parent component.
And then an input is just
essentially a custom way to pass
data into a sub-component.
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Chris had a question awhile
back about use case.
It says, 'I'm subscribing to some
observable in the parent component.
Once I get that value,
I want to pass to the child via input.
That child component will wait for
the input before executing on Init, and
then, so what's the way to do that now?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
what I would recommend in this case,
if I'm reading this correctly, Chris,
is initially you have like an observable,
and when you get the event or
the value from that observable,
you wanna pass that into the child.
So what you can do is, first and
foremost, I would stop and
wonder or I would ask, can I pass
this observable directly to my child?
So in some cases, and this is again, we'll
talk about this more tomorrow in reactive
angular, is that you'll get
an observable from let's say a service
that goes into your parent component, and
because you do not need to process it,
you can just push it right
into the child component.
Not only that, is using the Async Pipe,
you can actually bind to it,
and essentially
bind directly to the observable, and your
child component will unwrap it for you.
So first and foremost, I would say, do I
need to use this in my parent component?
If not, I would just pass it to the child
component and just let it render.
Secondly is,
if you need to unpack it, you'll do that
in the subscribe block of the observable.
So let's say, on your parent ngOnInit,
you're saying hey,
go get me this thing.subscribe.
When it comes back,
then you just set that property and
it will initialize or
really set that value for you.
But that's why you do not put
initialization logic in a constructor for
this reason, because now we have
this asynchronous kind of time gap,
where you're waiting for
this observable to essentially resolve or
to basically emit it's first value.
That is bound to an input
on a child component.
And so Angular's pretty good
about figuring that out.
So if I do not need any of that data
in the parent component, I would just
pass that observable right to the child
component, or I would just use .subscribe.
And from there,
you know take my final input and
set it to a property on the component and
pass that into the child input.
And, it should just work.
Analyze angular are pretty
smart about that.
And so based on the information I have,
I think I have sufficiently
answered that question.
But if I have not, Chris,
feel free to chime in and clarify.
All right.
So, we now have, good?
So we have here, albeit, and Hans
is absolutely correct, that if we had less
CSS, this would be easier to work with.
I blame them, naming conventions for
my super verbose CSS styling.
But we have a master detail view
that is at least rendering.
So we've got the master list and
we've got the detail list.
Now the piece that is missing currently,
is the fact that we have no way
to actually modify or
interact with the selected widget.
And so this is where forms come in.
So let's hop into the forms module and
let's see what fortunes shall befall us.